More than anything else, the website as presented is more of a proof of concept. As such, the user interface was deemphasized in comparison to demonstrating basic functionality. 

Overview of Features
The homepage describes the concept behind our project. From that page, one can then navigate to a page where there is a list of all the projects that are currently available for betting on/funding. One then has the option to either submit a new project or click on an existing project. If one chooses to click on an existing project, one is then presented with a short description of the project itself and the option to bet on the project’s replication or to fund it. On the betting page, one can place bets of various amounts and the current price adjusts accordingly (the exact formula used is a variant of the Elo formula – in a real implementation a more sophisticated algorithm is likely to be used but the Elo formula is still a reasonable approximation). On the funding page, one has the option to fund the project and the current funding amount updates according to the Liberal Radicalism formula. 

Implementation Details
As is typical, the website was coded in HTML and JavaScript and styled in CSS. To render most of the pages, we wrote CGI scripts in Python that would retrieve data from the backend, perform the appropriate calculations, and print out the corresponding HTML. CGI scripting was used because most of the pages (such the proposal description page, the betting page, and the funding page) have different text depending on the path one took to reach that page (i.e. the title, descriptions, and current prices vary depending on which project is being viewed). For the backend, we decided against using a database like SQL because, for a proof of concept, we do not need the scale that a large database provided. Instead, our backend is a JSON file, which should be more than sufficient for our current scale. The website is hosted on CPanel. 
